Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number four 50. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Google will engineer Erica joy
about her work history and
what it really means to
have a diverse workplace. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes, and I'm talking with
Erica joy. Who's an engineer
at Google. How are you?
I'm doing all right, Scott.
How are you today? I
am very well. Thanks for
chatting with me today. Thanks
for inviting me. We've been
on Google plus for a
while now. Kind of orbiting
people who already each other
kind of like, Oh, there's
that person again? And I've
noticed you, we have lots
of shared interests in film
and comics and all these
kinds of things. So, and
of course, as, as engineers,
but you recently posted this
piece on medium called the
other side of diversity and
it was, it got a
lot of response, mostly positive,
mostly positive for sure. Harrison
pockets of the internet, you
know, Reddit, a little bit
of hacker news where it
wasn't so positive, but you
know, I didn't read too
much of those comments, you
know, never read the comments,
never, ever read the comments.
I believe in that. And
I thought it would be
interesting to talk to you
about, you know, kind of
your come up, you know,
like how did you start?
When was your first interaction
with computers and your relationship
with computers? So my first
interaction with computers that I
can remember was when I
was around seven, my mom
had a computer at our
house in Florida, and I
remember her showing me Q
basic and I poked around
with that as a seven
year old. I remember the
black and green screen. Yeah.
Was there a sense of
like I'm exploring something or
I'm this power here, or
did you have any sense
of what you're doing? You're
just poking buttons. There was
no sense of that. I
was just poking button buttons
and pressing, you know, 10
and 20 and all that
stuff. Typical basic stuff, but
I didn't really know what
I was doing. I was
just playing around, you know,
my mom prayed much, just
sat me in front of
it, just to me, something
to do. I think I
didn't really begin to love
computers until I went to
this HyperCard workshop as a
10 year old. It was
when I was living in
Alaska. And for some reason,
my school decided to send
me to this workshop that
was, you know, 30 miles
away. And I got to
play with HyperCard as a
10 year old. And that's
when I fell in love
with it, You just got
sent off as like a
talented and gifted kind of
thing. Like they put me
on the bus and they
were like, you know, you're
different. You should go do
this. Yeah, I was done.
I was in gifted and
talented classes. So it might've
been related to that. I
just remember they put me
in a cab at 10
year old me was like,
Oh my gosh, I'm already
in a catalog and myself.
And they put me in
a cab and sent me
30 miles away to this
thing. And was that, and
you say that was when
you fell in love with
him. You're like, that was
the moment for you. Yep.
I remember it vividly. I
remember using HyperCard and laser
disks to put together something
that might've looked, something like
a webpage before web pages
were a thing maybe. And
Ricard was so ahead of
its time. Yeah, it was,
it was so fun. I
just remember, like I had,
I was doing a thing
on diamonds and the hope
diamond was what my laser
disc was about. And it
was just as ten-year-old me
was just like, this is
the greatest thing ever. It's
like, it was like, it
was like PowerPoint, but you're
making a stack of cards.
You're building up knowledge. And
it was, it was like
a little web Yeah. Three
by five cards. Exactly. And
it was fun and it
was, I wanted to take
it home with me, but
you know, there was no
HyperCard at my house. Yeah.
They I'm relating to that
story a little bit. I,
I grew up in Portland
and kind of a middle
class, lower class and lower
middle class neighborhood. And there
was only one computer. Yeah.
You know what I mean?
So everyone wanted to take
it home, but I was
the troublemaker and they had
like meetings about me. I
don't know if you had,
if they had meetings about
you as well. Oh, there
was one meeting that was
just really phenomenal. It was
in high school and it
was around the time. This
was still in Alaska, was
around the time where I
was really getting into computing
and I was exploring the
world of like hacking and
freaking, and I had these
silly little scripts on my
computer, like on my directory
at school, because that was
the smartest thing to do.
Freaking for people who don't
know it's for messing with
phones. Yeah. Yeah. And so
I had, I had the
rainbow books saved on my
directory at school, as well
as, you know, silly little
scripts. And so I get
called to the office one
day and I'm like, what's
this about? And did someone
send me something? You know,
I was just, I had,
I was clueless. I had
no idea. So I get
to the office and there
is my mom and my
dad, the school principal, the
superintendent, the guy who runs
it for the entire school
district and the military police.
Cause I would just go
into military base, Holy mackerel.
Oh yeah. And I was
like, what is this? What's
happening right now? And they're
like, sit down. We need
to talking, you know, sit
down, we need to talk.
It's always bad. It's never
good. And so it turns
out that someone had hacked
the principal's computer. And I
eventually found out who that
someone was, but it wasn't
me. But they thought it
was because of the files
that I had silly, like
stored in that directory, on
my computer at school. So,
So they, they, they said
she's the techie. So she
must've been the one that
brought She's a techie with
the rainbow books. And the
Explain what the rainbow books
mean to people who The
rainbow books are just stuff
for freaking, like, they tell
you how to, you know,
hack phones Right back in
the day when we had
payphones for people who may
not remember this, there were
ways to get free, long
distance calls break into at
and T like you would
basically be as if you
were the telephone. Yeah. I
never, I never like did
anything to advance with that
stuff because that like put
a stop to it. I
was like, never again, I'm
not going to be called
to the principal's office and
get threatened with expulsion ever
again. So I was done
While you were telling that
story, I was like, I've
had that meeting, like, okay,
the teacher. Yes. Principal. Yes.
Superintendent. I'm like, I'm right
there. Military police. No, I
never had the military police.
So you win. I'm sorry.
I got the superintendent. And
they made a joke that
I was most going to
be voted most likely to
be convicted of a white
collar crime while he said
that time, I still have
time. And they, so they
loaned me the computer. They
basically, we made a deal
with my fifth grade teacher
that Friday nights, my dad
could back the pickup truck
up to the place, borrow
the computer for the weekend,
as long as it was
backed by Sunday night. And
they would not tell anyone.
Oh, wow. And that kept
me off the streets. Well,
there you go. You weren't,
you weren't in any danger
of being a hoodlum because
you had the computer that
you had to play it
on the pickup truck Pretty
much. I mean, I was
like, there was like a
$2,000 computer. Like it was
worth more than the pickup
truck. I think we drove
that truck about five miles
an hour. Cause we did
not want to break the
computer. Oh yeah, definitely. And
it was probably likely back
then You made hyper cards
and now you're 10. Yeah.
I was 10. I didn't
really do much with computers
aside from the standard, you
know, computer class stuff and
playing, you know, Carmen Sandiego
in Oregon trail, et cetera.
That was the best. Oh
God, wasn't it. Those are
the good games. Like where's
Carmen Sandiego now where in
the world is. But I
Do know that. So they
made a walking dead version
of Oregon trail and flash
shut up really? Oh my
goodness. So go and Google
for Oregon trail, Oregon trail,
Oregon, like our gin. And
it's basically the, the cast
of the walking dead on
the Oregon trail. And it's
like, you know, you're, you're,
don't play it now. We're
doing a PA. I'm not
going to play it, but
I'm looking at it. I
can see it. Yes. So
then you have to collect,
you have to drive your
truck across the, across the
Oregon trail. Try not to
get eaten by zombies. Oh,
wow. So do you think
you were a programmer already
at 10? I had no
idea what programmers were. You
know what I mean? Like
in your soul, like, was
this, you, you knew you
were a builder at least.
Cause you, you reveled in
the building of this staff.
I was a tinkerer for
sure. Like I used to
tinker with things. Like I
take her pump apart my
toys and put them back
together. I'm certain, if I
were allowed to take apart
the computer, I would have
done that. I took apart
my Walkman for sure. I
remember that. I remember taking
apart my Walkman just to
see how it worked and
then put it back together.
So yeah, I was a
tinkerer. I like to fix
things for sure. That's so
important for kids to open
stuff up and take it
apart. Yeah, definitely. Cause he,
you, I don't know. You
get a better sense of
what you're using. You know,
you form a connection once
you've taken it apart, put
it back together. It's like,
all right. That's, that's my
thing now. Like I understand
it. I wonder it seems
to me like, and I
don't mean to get all
like kids today, but you
know, if, if the only
device you ever opened up
and look inside, it's like
changing the battery on your
Samsung phone. Like how much
of a sense of physicality
can you have? I mean,
an iPad is disposable, right?
Nobody opens an iPad up
and fixed it. Well, Apple
doesn't want you to. Yeah.
Like they make their stuff
now. So you can't open
it up. Cool. And then
yeah, nothing can be opened
up anymore, right? Yeah. Yeah.
I've always said like, you
know, the whole Jedi builds
his own lightsaber thing. Like
you've built desktop machines. There's
something to be said for
that. And I'm sad now
that I don't have to
do that. Yeah. Well, yeah.
I liked building my machines.
That was fun. But you
know, I've always said that
if I could run iOS
10 on a PC, you
know, the right way. Yeah.
I had a hackathon it's
still upstairs. In fact, if,
if I could run Oh
10 on PCs the right
way, I would build like
a monster desktop and run
listed on it. Like, yeah,
that'd be great. I built
a machine a couple of
years back out of my
blog and we called it
the GOM G O M
God's own machine. How that's
awesome. So we basically, we
set a dollar amount. I
think it was $2,000 and
it's like, okay, let's all,
all the internet got involved
and we're like, let's see
how much computer we can
actually build. Wow. You know
what I mean? It was
like six, this is like
couple, three, four years ago,
16 gigs of Ram SSD
hexachord like, we don't
even know what hexachord means.
Exactly. And I'm actually still
running that machine now I've
got like three monitors and
I it's one of those
things where You just, Oh,
you just add a little
more SSD, add a little
more memory, you know? That's
yeah, Yeah. I built it
and we water cooled it,
you know, like that level
of craft, it's a sense
of accomplishment. Right. And I
miss that upgradability. Right. Like
you you're still running the
same machine cause you can
add things to it. Right.
Like I can't upgrade my
Mac. Like I can maybe
throw some Ram in it.
Wait a year till it
breaks. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks Apple
care. So, so you, you
went through high school and
were you like doing the
whole Norton commander thing and
check disking other people's disks
and fixing viruses? No, not
in high school. In high
school. I was just really,
I was the helper in
all the computer classes because
I always had a lot
of free hours. I don't
know how that happened. I
think I'm not sure. I
always, but I always wound
up in the computer class
helping the computer teacher. Her
name is ms. Londo. Yeah.
I was Lando Calrissian, a
L L O N D
O. Yeah. But yeah, I
always used to go to
her class and just like
help out with stuff. And
when like, I dunno, whatever
silly program wasn't working, I'd
have to go fix it,
but there's no Norton or
check disking or whatever. They
weren't going to have that.
But this was like being
the geek. You yeah. Yeah.
I was always threading the
projector. You know, projectors have
trouble. Let's get Hanselman in
that thread there Projectors. Yeah.
Floppy Days. Right. Moving up
that five, that 5.2, five
to three 25 transition. Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. Okay. So
you're the helper. You're the,
you're the assistant, but then
you kind of started your
career in tech, in college
when you started being, we,
I was beyond college, right?
You were the administrator for
the university of Alaska. Yeah.
Oh yeah. I was one
of the windows system administrators
there. So the way the
university of Alaska works, there
is a statewide office that
is administers the whole university
of Alaska system. Right. So
there's all the different campuses
around the state. And, and
I worked in statewide as
a window system administrator there
and we basically ran the
business and of the university.
Yeah. And in, in the
university you were not only
the only woman on the
team, but probably one of
the few women in the
organization. This is like early,
early 2000. Yep. We, there
were other women on the
team, but there was only
one other technical woman on
the team. Her name's Laura.
She's amazing. Yeah. She was,
I think she did either
phones or networking. Networking. Yeah.
Yeah. And, and w you
were the only black woman
in the Oregon. Oh, for
sure. Yeah. There were no
other black ones in there.
Is it? This has been,
I mean, not to be
apologetic, but were in Alaska.
Yeah. I wasn't Alaska for
sure. And you know, there
were black people there, like
a lot of people. Yeah.
It wasn't just me and
my family. I don't know
that guy, but yeah, there
were, there were black people
in Alaska, but mostly military,
there were some non-military people
there, but yeah. I mean,
that's how I wound up
there, military my parents. Yeah.
You ended up kind of
at the firm from a
racial perspective at the polar
opposite, you ended up in
Atlanta. Yeah. Which is a
lot of cool tech, a
lot of great companies and
a lot of black folks.
Yup. For sure. I think
the demographics are like 54%
African American is what did
they say on Wikipedia? And
then you ended up working
at a home Depot Yep.
At a home Depot store
support center, which is what
they call their headquarters, started
there and network operations and
then moved into their desktop
support team. Yeah. And when
I, when I think about
like diversity, like I would
want what I would call
representational diversity. Like my team,
my org kind of like
expanding out from myself, me,
my team, my org, my
division, my company, my neighborhood.
I would want it to
look like it's representational of
like the, the area around
me. Right. If my neighborhood
has a certain balance of
black and white, but then
I go to work and
it's all white people that
would feel weird. It would
feel like Is it would
for all black people, like,
yeah, I agree. Like I,
yeah. I want that same
sort of makeup in my
teams. And that's, that's what
home Depot was like. I
mean, I read some comment
on the internet where again,
never made the comments where
someone like completely misconstrued that
bit of my post or
like, Oh, she's just wants
to work with black people.
Cause she said her whole
team was black and you
know, home Depot. And it's
like, no, no, not even
close my whole team. Wasn't
black. There were a lot
of black people. It looked
like, like the rest of
Atlanta, right? Like, yeah, there
are a lot of black
people, but then there were
some white people and there
were some Asian people and
there's so many Indian people
like it was Because diversity
is about not just what
it looks like. Right. It's
about how everybody thinks. And
you all came from and
you may have been one
of the other black women
on the team, but you
were the only one from
Alaska. Yeah, for sure. And
because your background, I assume
it creates who you are,
you think for you, you
think like Erica, because of
all these different things. Right.
Because you know, as a
military kid who grew up
all over the place, because
I lived in Alaska because
I, you know, lived in
South Carolina, which was completely different
from Alaska. And I lived
in Miami, which was completely
different from all those things.
Like all those things sort
of informed who I am.
And so, yeah. Like, I,
I, I don't know. I
think it's easy to forget
that when you see someone
that looks like you that
Oh, that be like me.
Oh yeah, yeah. There's a
lot of that. I get,
I get stereotype expectations from
everybody, you know, not, you
know, not just, you know,
white people or black people
too, like, there's this expectation
that I'm going to be,
you know, sassy black chick
or whatever. And it's like,
this is not me at
all. Like I'm already goofy
girl. Well, and I think
that, that's the thing that
I think we all should
learn from being on the
internet is that people, not
just black people, but people
are not a monolith. Right.
You know, I, I'm not
here to meet your expectations.
Right. I'm here to be
myself. Exactly. And to be
authentic, My wife, when she
came she's from Zimbabwe, when
she came over here, she
saw when she was like
19, she stopped in Germany.
First trip on a plane
in Germany, Germany stops in
Germany, freaking out first, you
know, first time out of
the country, she's out of
like a six hour layover
she looks around and what
does she do? She goes
to the first black person
she could find. And she's
like, hi. Cause she's they
speak English and Zimbabwe. I
think she did it with
an English accent. Hi, I'm
Mo and I'm here and
I'm looking for, and he
did not speak a word
of English because he was
a German guy and he
was not interested in talking
to my wife. And he
just basically was very German
with all due respect to
my German friends and listeners
and walked away. And she
was just left with us.
And now 20 years later,
my wife still talks about
this. She's like, and that's
when I realized how big
the world. Yeah. And how
all the same, not everyone
who looks like me as
my first name. Yep. And
not everybody who looks different
as an enemy. In fact,
most of my friends look
different than me and I,
and I enjoy that. Like
I, I enjoy diversity. Yeah.
And you, you wrote about
that as you kind of
go from place to place,
the demographic changes, you know,
it was, it was one
extreme when you were in
Alaska and there was another
extreme at home Depot and
then you're still at, in
Atlanta, but then you, you
show up at Google. Yeah.
Yeah. That was fun. People
don't believe me. When I
tell this story about how
I got hired at Google,
this is in 2006. And
at that point, Google was
still putting ads on Craigslist.
So I had just discovered
Craigslist because you know, Craigslist
had been around for awhile
at that point. But you
know, it wasn't really big
in Atlanta and I'd heard
about it online. I was
like, well, let me check
this out. And so I'm
poking around on Craigslist and
I see this opening for
a job at Google and
I thought it was completely
fake. Like I just like,
that's not real, but you
answered it anyway. I sure
did. And I, you know,
I sent in my resume
and like a few months
later they contacted me and
I still was thinking, this
isn't real. This is fake.
You know? And I I'd
use one of my throwaway
email addresses, like In 2006,
you knew that it was
like, yeah, it's all lies.
Yeah. Yeah. Like Craigslist now,
funny hires on Craigslist, get
out here, be serious. But
yeah. So I responded to
an ad on Craigslist and
went through the whole interview
process, which was a lot
and ended up getting hired.
And, and could you believe
it was just like a
dream or does it like
being swept away? It wasn't
even a dream. Like I
never, I never dreamed of
working at Google because that
just seems so far off,
like Google was in California
and I'm in Atlanta. Like
I didn't expect Google to
have an office in Atlanta.
Yeah. So, no, it wasn't
a dream. It was just
like an unbelievable experience. Yeah.
And when you got that
though, it didn't, it didn't
seem like that was the
most diverse way a place
of thinking. Like it was,
even though it was in
Atlanta, it was not home
Depot. No, it was not
home Depot. Nope. It wasn't.
I think the sales side
was a little bit more
diverse than the inside engineering.
So yeah, the engineering side,
but engineering was, you know,
not, not diverse at all.
It was mostly homogenous. I
mean, there were some, I
believe there were some, you
know, Hispanic people I believe.
But does that, would that
make you more comfortable if
you're a group, if you're
in a group and you're
the only black woman and
it's like 10 white guys
in you in that, let's
say a couple of you,
like you just said, well,
maybe a couple of Hispanic
people do, does, does any
Brown face in a storm
make you feel like, Oh,
that's okay. Like there's so
and so no, it doesn't
help. Does it? No, not
really. No. It's How do
you explain that sense of
isolation to a random white
dude? It's, it's hard to
explain, right? Like, cause you
try to, you try to
say, okay, imagine yourself being
amongst a group of black
people, but that's, that's not
the reality for it. Yeah.
Yeah. And, and you know,
still white dude being amongst,
amongst a group of black
people, like you still know
that somewhere else, you are
still the majority, That's the
prescription of the privilege. Isn't
it? You can always just,
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. I
thought I got it because,
Oh, you know, I've got
all these black friends and
hang out with black friends.
This is 15, 20 years
ago. But then I went
to Zimbabwe. Yeah. We stayed
there for awhile and I'm
on the street with my
wife and everyone is staring
at us like, cause what
is going on over there?
Okay. So then we tried
an experiment cause my wife
was cool like that. I
stepped into a, an alleyway,
so no one could see
me. And we just kind
of, I stood there for
five or 10 minutes and
we watched the street move
on. Right. And my wife
disappeared and she said, I've
disappeared. I'm invisible now. No
one is looking at me.
And then we switched. And
then I stood in the
middle of the street and
I'm in I'm 3000 miles
from home. And the government
is black. The police are
black. That was the closest
I could get. But even
then a month or two
later, I got on a
plane and I flew back
here. But that's the closest
I ever got to that
I'm not in Kansas anymore
moment. And the, the only
way I can describe it
and is it, it pushed
on my eyes, it pushed
against the, you know, that
headache that you get right.
Between the eyes and underneath
your brow. And it's just
like, Oh, every day, like
I was looking for anybody
to give a nod to.
I understood what the nod
was about. Right. Just like
the look of recognition, right?
Just like I see you.
It was all white men
across it. How are you
doing? He didn't want to
talk to me. He's old
Zimbabwe. And he didn't, I
don't want to talk to
an American guy. Yeah. That,
that, that tension. What is
that? That it's, it's, it's
a stress, but just a
stress. Yes. It's a constant,
constant stress. And it's hard
to explain that level of
stress. Like it's stress is
a baseline, right? Like there's,
I don't remember a time
where I wasn't stressed it.
Is it a stress of
not being, being welcomed for
some, some white person might
be listening to this and
be going, I don't get
it. Right. We like her.
She's great. She's got a
job. Why is she so
stressed? It's not, not being
welcomed. It's it's just, I
don't, I don't want to
call this microaggressions because I
don't consider them aggressions. But
like, like you said, being
stared at like, when you're
standing in a building full
of people who don't look
like you and you know,
my desk and my building
before last was an, a
major like walkway. Right. So
all the people walking by
right. Are just staring, just
staring at it. I mean,
granted I'm a six foot
tall black woman, so Sure.
And they're not staring like,
like, like, like in a,
she needs to leave kind
of way. Right. It's just
like, Oh, that's unexpected. Like,
Oh, Hey, This is like
a double-take. It's just like,
they walk. I'm like, Oh
yeah, Yeah. Like you're different.
And that's what it is.
It's like, I am different.
I, I, I cannot disappear.
I am always visible. I
do not have the luxury
of anonymity. Like if I'm
having a bad day, I
don't get to just like
hide. And I, you know,
I I'm always visible. Right.
Because if that day you
come to work with a
sour face, cause you're upset
about whatever, you know, your
cat sick, he comes and
they're like, Oh, she's pissed
off about something. Right. People
will read into that because
you're the only angry black
woman on that day. Black
woman. I hate that stereotype
tries me up the wall.
Don't you feel like when
you go to work, if
you're not happy, then people
are gonna look at you
and assume. Yeah. I don't
know if I don't. I
don't know if it's, if
I don't look happy, but
I know that I feel
like people are going to
assume that I'm the angry
black woman. If I say
things that are angry ish,
right? Like not necessarily negative,
but like, if I am
critical of something, it's just
like in the back of
my head, I'm like, are
they thinking that this is
angry black woman? Or are
they accepting my feedback as
a coworker? Yeah. I don't
know how to explain that.
But stereotype, stereotypes when stereotypes
are dangerous because they make
it easy to dismiss valid
feelings as stereotypes, let's say
something bad happened to the
bill. They broke the bill
and you get angry. They
can dismiss that valid technical
fact that they broke the
build and you're angry about
it and just say, Oh,
well, you know, angry, black
woman, there you go. Yeah.
Right. Or Whatever other drunk
Irish men or whatever stereotype
all you have to do
is meet that stereotype once.
And you've given an excuse
for people to minify you
Yeah. Into that stereotype. Yeah.
And then you lose it.
You lose your you're legit.
Yeah. And also a little
bit, I think of here
personhood, because you stopped being
a person and you become
the stereotype. Does that mean
It hard to remember who
you are? Do you have
to, like you go home
to remember who you are
Or no, I don't think
I go home to remember
who I am. I mean,
to be honest, like here
there's, there's really not much
of a respite. Like that's
why the whole bit about
Oakland. Right? Cause when I
was in Oakland, it's like,
Oh, this is what it's
like to be in a
diverse environment. And again, like,
I don't mean just like
around black people. I mean
around everybody. Right? Like the
guy I was dating in
Oakland was a white guy
and his best friend was
Asian and you know, we
would hang out and it
was just like, you know,
rainbow coalition time, like Benetton
an ad. Like that's the
sort of diversity I like.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I
w I live in Portland,
which is not known for
being diverse, although there are
pockets, but when I was
in New York last week, and
every time I go to
New York, I'm like, why don't
I live in New York? Like,
this is where I'm supposed
to be. And that's where
I realized that the television
show friends was just complete
crap because they hung out
for eight years, five white
friends, and they never met
anybody of color at all.
And they were in Manhattan
for like separation. Yup. Yup.
Yup. But it, but it's
just like, and, and, and
the people who are listening,
who may have made it
this far, but still think
that this is a bunch
of garbage it's that your
life is more full when
you have such a diverse
bunch of friends and you
might have all white friends,
but they might still be
diverse. You might have people
from other countries, other religions,
other cultures, you know, converted
Muslim, who knows, but they
are people with different Viewpoints.
Right. And yeah, that's really
important. And so, yeah, like
just being amongst, you know,
diverse people, diverse backgrounds, you
know, I really enjoy that.
So I would like to
have more of that since
my move to Oakland in
that future. So you are,
you've decided that Oakland is
where you want to live.
Oh yeah. Definitely. Like I
picked out a house I
want to buy. Awesome. Yeah.
It's weird. Because for a
long time, I say, I'm
not setting down roots in
the Bay area. It's ridiculous.
Like the home prices here
are too much, but like
Oakland is the first place.
I've felt a sense of
real community. Like I felt
at some in Atlanta, but
it was not like, it
didn't feel like home. It
feels like home. Right. And
it makes me watch it
live there. So yeah. I
picked out a house. Would
you do me a favor
and go to your, your
medium article? I will do
this. And would you read
that last paragraph for me
as we close, I will
do this also. I'm waiting
great to load. No worries.
Cause it was a powerful
article. And I think that
it said a lot and
it spoke to a lot
of people of all colors
and all creeds, but I
appreciated the last paragraph, particularly
I will read that for
you. I know that I
am not my job. I
am not my industry or
it's stereotypes am a black
woman who happens to work
in the tech industry. I
don't need to change to
fit within my industry. My
industry needs to change to
make everyone feel included and
accepted. And I meant that
about everyone. Like not just
me. I don't mean the
industry needs. It's just changed
to include and accept black
women. We need to include
and accept everyone. Everyone needs
to feel like they are
free to be their authentic
selves. And if we do
that, we will all be
better for it. Yes. Thank
you so much, Erica joy
for talking with me today.
Well thank you for having
me. I really enjoyed it.
This has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again next week. .